---
title: "Halloween 2023 pt 1"
date: 2023-10-22
categories: [H2023]
author: H2023
---

“Henrietta!” a raspy voice crowed from above, “there you are.”

Henrietta blinked open her eyes and tilted her head back to look up towards the source of the voice. Cacklefeather circled overhead, coming down to perch on a crooked fencepost in front of her.

“I swear,” the raven said, “this latest excuse for a hat you’re wearing made me almost think you were a large red-and-white mushroom instead of a young witch.”

“Then I guess it failed,” Henrietta yawned. “It was supposed to give me the chance for some uninterrupted sleep.”

“How can you sleep?” Cacklefeather wondered, cocking his head. “Tonight’s the big night!”

“Which was exactly why I was trying to get some rest beforehand,” Henrietta said, stretching.

Standing up from her resting spot against the old oak tree, she squinted at the setting sun. Its golden glow cast a warm light across the village. Henrietta smiled. Quiltenhollow was so pretty this time of year. The trees were a mixture of skeletal twigs and lush, yellow-and-orange leaves. From this distance, the leafy trees almost looked like colorful lollipops. She smacked her lips. She could go for a lollipop right about now.

She brushed some deceased leaves from her dress and started walking towards home. “Come, Cacklefeather,” she said. “I’m going to make sure tonight’s treats are ready.”

“You mean you’re going to stuff your face full of sugar and spoil your appetite for pumpkin pie,” Cacklefeather said, hopping onto Henrietta’s shoulder.

“Not to worry, my feathered friend,” Henrietta said. “There is always room for pie.”

As they strolled along the dirt path, they passed by the pumpkin patch, the bulbous orange gourds awaiting their inevitable consumption or use for ornaments. Or were they squash? Her friend Willow would know.

Cacklefeather continued to berate her. “Maybe you should disguise yourself as a pumpkin next time,” he said. “If you eat enough tonight, I’m sure you could pull it off.”

Henrietta ignored the sarcastic comments from the bird, passing through the wooden arch that marked the entrance to the village proper. The streets here were paved with cobblestones, which helped with the mud during rains. Up ahead, she saw Willow in her garden.

“Willow!” Henrietta called out. “Is a pumpkin a gourd or a squash?”

Willow turned and blinked at Henrietta through her large round glasses. “That depends on what they’re used for,” Willow said. “Gourds are used for decoration, while squash are used for eating.”

“They can be both?” Henrietta exclaimed.

“Yes, though one could also make an argument that they are fruit.”

Henrietta’s head spun. “This is why I fell asleep during botany class. Too confusing.”

“If you are to be a proper witch, you need to know the difference between a mandrake and a carrot. One mistake could cost you your *life*,” Willow said, her voice dripping with drama.

Henrietta waved her hand dismissively. “That nonsense was just an old superstition. At worst, you’ll only have a splitting headache for the next hour if you don’t drown out a mandrake’s scream.”

“Still, there *are* plenty of poisonous plants out there that can really mess you up if you don’t know what to look for.”

“You know she’s right, Henrietta,” Cacklefeather said, fluttering to a nearby fencepost. “Sometimes I wonder if you won’t someday accidentally make everyone’s faces swell up with all the random stuff you dump into those sweets of yours.”

“You have to go with your gut,” Henrietta said. “My instincts have never led me wrong. Besides, last I remember, you are always first in line for my famous root beer drops.”

The raven turned his head away. “Those are my weakness,” he admitted.

“You ready for tonight?” Henrietta asked, turning back to Willow.

“I hope so,” Willow said. “I’ve been doing gardening for the past hour just to relax my nerves.”

“I’m sure you’ll do great,” Henrietta assured her. “Right, Frogbert?”

The bull frog sitting next to Willow that had been silent up until that point blinked his eyes, one at a time. “What-a-chump,” he croaked.

“How about you,” Willow asked, not looking toward the grumpy amphibian, “have you finished your preparations?”

“Yep!” Henrietta said. “I was just headed home to check on the icebox to see if the lollipops have finished hardening.”

“I was referring to your magic presentation.”

Henrietta blinked. “Oh, that.”

“Just because you bring the best sweets every year doesn’t mean you can slack off in other areas of being a witch,” Willow said. “Now that we’re eleven, this will be our first year performing magic in front of the entire coven.”

“I’m a firm believer that candy *is* magic,” Henrietta said. “At least, that’s what Madam Thistleplum says.”

“What are you going to do? Throw gumdrops into the audience?”

“I’ll think of something,” Henrietta said. “I did pass Mr. Morgan’s general magic class, after all.”

“Barely,” Willow said. She looked at her garden. “I think I’m done here. You should probably go get ready yourself, the sun is setting. People are looking forward to your candy booth, if nothing else.”

Henrietta nodded, her large mushroom hat bobbing. “See you tonight.”
