---
title: "Mixie Nibbleson and the Chimera Serum pt 1"
date: 2025-09-11
categories: [MNatCS]
author: MNatCS
---

The sound of a thousand drips filled John’s ears as he crept along the wet stone walkway on all fours, the scent of refuse and industrial waste flooding his nostrils. His whiskers twitched, and he stepped to the right to avoid a large chunk of rubble.

“How long do you think this section has been left undisturbed?” Ronna whispered beside him.

“I’m not sure,” John muttered back. “A decade? Maybe longer.”

Even though he couldn’t see it in the darkness, John sensed his wife’s smile. “Then all the more junk to find,” she said softly.

“You mean like me?” John chuckled, earning a bump on the side from Ronna.

The tunnel opened up to a taller section, and the pair stood up to their full height.

“Let’s see what we can find,” Ronna said, briefly intertwining her tail with John’s before removing a flashlight from her belt and clicking it on. John followed suit.

The light from their flashlights revealed a long stretch of tunnel with a sewage canal flowing down its center. Tributary tunnels opened on either side, adding trickling streams to the main waterway. Further on, the tunnel curved to the left and out of sight.

Waving their lights across the water and walls, the couple advanced down the tunnel. Metal grates covered each tributary exit, and John and Ronna searched through the mess caught on them as they passed by. A ring. An outdated cellphone. A strand of beads on a string. The two rats packed these finds into resealable plastic bags and placed them in their backpacks. They continued chatting as they worked.

When they rounded the bend, they stopped. Ronna clicked her tongue. A collapsed section of tunnel completely blocked off the sewer, a large mound of trash accumulated against the debris. John set down his flashlight and started poking around the fallen stones while Ronna began searching through the built-up garbage.

“This cave-in is recent,” John noted.

Ronna gave a yelp. “John,” she hissed, “there’s a pup here!”

John whirled around, his tail knocking into his flashlight and spinning it on the ground. Ronna had dug away at the rubbish pile, exposing a rat child that looked to be no older than a few months dressed in a filthy onesie.

Ronna quickly pulled the baby out of the heap. The little one squirmed and started to cry.

“She’s alive!” Ronna exclaimed.

John knelt down next to her and stared open mouthed. “But… how? And here?”

Ronna looked around. “Maybe from the cave-in, but…”

“The surface is a good hundred or more feet above us,” John said. “I don’t know of any dwellings that would be close enough.” He looked back the way they had come. “Maybe she came from upstream?”

They collected their things and hurried back up the tunnel, Ronna carefully holding the baby and shielding her from the water dripping from the ceiling. Soon, they passed their entry point, but still they went further along the large tunnel. Turning a corner, they stopped in their tracks.

“A grate,” Ronna murmured.

John inspected it. “There’s no way she would have fit through here, nor through the other, smaller grates we passed.” He looked back at Ronna. “Does she appear to be injured?”

Ronna gingerly turned the infant over. “No,” she said. “Wait, there’s something on her tail.” She leaned in closer. “It’s letters!”

John looked too. “‘Mix,’” he read, his brow furrowed.

“Written with a permanent marker, by the looks of it,” Ronna commented. “Though it’s already starting to fade.” Ronna looked at John with wide eyes. “Where did she come from? Whose is she?”

John looked around the tunnel as if searching for answers among the stones.

Ronna looked down at the child. “This girl needs food, a bath, and clean clothes. If nothing else, we need to give her those things.”

John slowly nodded. “Right. We’re done here. Let’s go back.” He turned towards Ronna and the baby. “We’ll make sure she’s safe and taken care of.”

The couple headed back down the tunnel towards home. Towards a future they had never anticipated.
