---
title: "Mixie Nibbleson and the Chimera Serum pt 2"
date: 2025-09-12
categories: [MNatCS]
author: MNatCS
---

“Mixie Rhea Nibbleson!”

Mixie flinched at the sound of her full name being yelled from the kitchen.

“Ooh,” Rissi, one of Mixie’s many younger siblings, cooed from her perch atop a pile of cardboard boxes. “Mixie’s in trouble.”

“Again,” Mixie’s brother Ron snickered as he walked by carrying another box. “I’ll start planning your funeral.”

“Is Mixie going to die?” Rissi breathed, looking at Mixie with wide eyes.

Mixie flashed her her signature smile and gently pinched the tip of the small rat’s tail. “Not today, squirt. Mixie’s just going to… talk with Mom. I’m sure it’s just a misunderstanding.” She drew herself up to her full height and marched towards the kitchen, sidestepping several other siblings hauling boxes of varying sizes.

“Mixie!” Her mother called out again with fervor.

Mixie took a deep breath, reset her smile, and poked her head into the kitchen. “Yes, Mom?”

“Don’t give me that look,” her mom shot back, her eyes narrowed. “Where is my chicken pot pie?”

“Is it not cooling on the windowsill?” Mixie said with perfect innocence.

Mixie could almost see fire in her mother’s eyes. “That pie was for the whole family, Mixie.”

“We can make something else, together,” Mixie offered, pushing up her sleeves. She looked around. “Where’s all our ingredients?”

“Everything non-perishable is packed already. The only thing we have left are some eggs for tomorrow’s breakfast.” Her mother put her hands on her hips. “Did you really eat that whole pie, Mixie?”

“Of course not,” Mixie said, rolling her eyes. She opened her mouth to say more, then shut it before she let out a confession.

Her mother eyed her up and down. “Did you take it to the Periwinkles?” It was an accusation, but there wasn’t anger in her voice anymore.

Mixie bit her lip. “They needed it so much more than we do,” she blurted. “Their family is as large as ours, but they live off of scraps while we have pie. I thought it would be the least we could do before we left. You should have seen their faces, Mom. They were so grateful.”

Her mom took a deep breath before looking at Mixie with softened eyes. “You’re such a kind girl, Mixie.” She gestured towards a tall bucket sitting by the door. “That wheat is for the Periwinkles. Do you mind bringing it over to them?”

Mixie looked at the bucket and her mouth hung open. “I didn’t realize…”

“You didn’t ask,” her mom pointed out. “We didn’t want to announce to the whole house what we were giving away.” She waved towards the living room. “Most of our old furniture we’re giving to them as well to use or sell as they need. Makes our trip lighter while also helping out friends in need.”

“I’m sorry,” Mixie said, bowing her head. “I was just trying to help.”

Her mom sighed. “I’m glad you have a good heart. Just make sure you let us know next time you’re feeling generous, alright?”

Mixie nodded, her eyes on the ground. Walking to the bucket, she lifted it by the handle with a grunt.

“I’ll send Ron out to buy food for dinner tonight,” her mom said as Mixie headed for the door. “It should be ready by the time your father gets home.”

Mixie nodded again, hauling the bucket out of the house without another word.
