---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 2"
date: 2025-01-02
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

The pattering of rain on the glass roof of the train covered the low hum of the hover coils underneath. A constant stream of hover traffic was visible from the bench where Jex sat watching videos on his phone. His only traveling companion was an old stuffed sheep with oscillating neon horns. It was from a kids’ show that was hot a few cycles back. Jex was about a decade too old to have an excuse to carry it around, but he did anyway.

The night outside was illuminated by the bright advertisements displayed on the sides of the mega-skyscrapers that crawled past. The neon-lit concrete barriers that bordered the train rail streaked by in a mesmerizing stream. Just under the train window, Jex’s water bottle rested in a cup holder that had an attached recycling bin. On the opposite bench facing him was his backpack, with his roller-board leaning against the bench.

Jex himself was wearing a light-colored hoodie with dark sweatpants, blue shoes, and pink socks that matched his over-ear headphones and the logo on his hoodie’s right shoulder. The light from his phone reflected off his dark-gray, synthetic face and his white hair. He wore brown fingerless gloves which revealed his organic fingers, and was resting the side of his head on his fist with his elbow propped up against the train’s window sill.

A soft chime sounded, and Jex flicked his blue, electronic eyes towards the informational displays on the train’s wall paneling. This was his stop. As the train slowed, Jex stood and began gathering his things. Pocketing his phone, he put his water bottle into the side pocket of his single strap backpack, slung it on, and grabbed his roller-board. Tucking his stuffed sheep under an arm, he braced himself briefly as the train came to a complete stop, then headed for the doors.

Exiting onto the rainy station platform, Jex made his way towards the drop tubes on the right. There were three tubes on this platform, two designated as personal and one for a group. Jex fit himself and his things inside the capsule in the personal drop tube nearest the train exit and pulled out his phone. The capsule had synced with his phone as he entered, and now a notification on it was asking him to indicate the level he wanted to drop to. He pressed the ‘home’ quick select option, and the capsule door sealed shut. The cylindrical wall of the capsule lit up with personalized advertisements as it plummeted downwards.

The ride was short, only thirty seconds or so. Then, after a rapid deceleration process, the door opened again and Jex stepped out. Apparently people once would have paid for such an experience. Now it was just part of the everyday commute. After he exited the drop tube, the capsule resealed itself and continued on its descent.

He was about to pocket his phone again when it vibrated. Allie was calling. Jex pressed the answer button and put his phone into his pocket.

“W’sup, Sis?” Jex said, dropping his roller-board and hopping on.

“J-ex!” Allie’s voice came through his headphones, a hint of a digital distortion in her speech.

“You okay, Sis?” Jex checked as he began rolling alongside the street in the direction of his apartment complex. “Your voice glitched.”

“No!” she responded hotly. “It’s almost nine o’clock and you’re still not back from work. Where are you?”

“I just got off the drop tube,” he said. “I’ll be home in like ten minutes.”

“You’re rolling again?” she questioned. “The acidity index is high today. You’ll corrode out in that rain.”

“I’ll be fine,” he assured her.

“That nonchalant attitude will get you scrapped someday,” she scolded.

“Sure.”

“Anyway, where have you been? You were supposed to get off work at five. Even with the commute you should’ve been back by 7:30.”

“Work went long,” he said, “then I was hungry so I grabbed a bite to eat.”

There was a pause. Jex smiled imagining Allie with her brow furrowed, trying to calculate the estimated time spent.

“Did you go all the way to the Burger Belch again?” she finally said.

“You got me,” Jex said.

“But that’s so far away!”

“It’s a lot closer to work than it is to home. I hardly get to eat there.”

“It’s not exactly healthy food though. Or cheap.”

“I used my personal funds,” he said as he maneuvered his roller-board around some soggy trash on the sidewalk. “It won’t come out of the budget.”

“Yes, but if you have to replace your liver it will.”

“It’s fatty food,” he said, “not toxic.”

“You don’t know what they feed those cows,” she countered, “if it’s not just synth-meat.”

“I’ll need a new set of ears if you keep lecturing me,” he complained. “Is there anything you need from Fast Mart before I get home?”

“I already went shopping,” she said. “I can’t trust you to get the healthy stuff.”

“Right.”

“Well, hurry home, okay?”

“Sure, see you soon.”
