---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 6"
date: 2025-01-06
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

The slowing of the hyper-cycler caused Jex to look up. He squinted at the surrounding buildings. This wasn’t the medical district. How long had they been driving for?

“I thought you said you’d get me to the hospital faster than an ambulance,” Jex said.

Opal didn’t respond as she turned into a dark parking garage. Jex looked around. Normally he could see in such darkness, but his glitching eye made it hard for him to make anything out.

“Hey, what gives?” he asked.

Still no response.

The cycler came towards a freight elevator in the back left corner. As they approached, the antiquated metal screen door slid open with a whir. They drove in, and the door closed behind them. Old incandescent lights flickered on in the four upper corners of the elevator. With a shudder, the elevator began to descend. Opal straightened in her seat and rested a hand on her hip as harsh concrete walls slowly rose around them.

Jex looked around the elevator. What was going on? He brought Winston close to his chest.

Except there was nothing.

Jex looked at his empty hands in shock. Where was Winston? He tried to remember when he had last picked him up, but his memory was foggy. His breathing quickened. Shaking his head, he tried to steady himself, even as the elevator continued to go downwards.

“Where are we?” he demanded.

Opal glanced back, the tinted visor of her helmet hiding her expression. Jex felt a chill run down his spine. He remembered a news report he saw once about a wealthy man with high-grade synthetics who went missing. A corporation’s security forces found him two days later in a dumpster with his synthetics forcibly removed.

Jex knew he shouldn’t ask, but the question burbled out anyway. “You’re not after my eyes, are you?”

Opal turned to the front. “That’s not for me to decide.”

Jex looked around frantically. There were no visible controls to the elevator. His phone was broken, and he didn’t know where he was. Injured and with no way out, trying to fight wasn’t an option. He took a deep breath. There wasn’t anything left to do but wait.

The elevator continued for at least five minutes. It had to be well past ten o’clock by now. He clenched his teeth. Allie was probably worried sick.

Finally, the concrete on one side gave way to an opening to a large, well lit room, visible through the elevator’s metal screen. With a loud clang, the elevator came to a rest and its metal screen rattled to the side.

Opal walked the hyper-cycler into the room and off to the right. Dismounting, she removed her helmet and shook out her black neck-length hair. Jex blinked. She didn’t look much older than he was. She walked away from Jex, leaving him straddling the cycler. He tried to get off but found his legs weren’t listening to him, though the pain hadn’t returned.

“Uh,” Jex said, “help?”

“Don’t move,” Opal called over her shoulder. “You’ll just injure yourself further.” With that, she went through a door on the far side of the room, leaving Jex alone.

He looked at the hyper-cycler’s handlebars. He had never driven one before. Could he drive it away? Where would he drive to? He looked around the room. He was getting used to his glitching eye somewhat, and could make out details a little better. The cycler rested on a bare concrete strip of floor near the elevator. With no visible controls, the elevator wasn’t an option.

Beyond that to the left was what looked like some sort of laboratory or workshop, with white tiles on the floor, white metal cabinets on the walls, and several tables and workbenches. Opal had left through a door in that section of the room, so that wasn’t a viable exit either.

Between the workshop and the cycler, metal tiling extended across the room to the far end where there was another door. It didn’t look big enough for the cycler, and he was in no position to walk.

On the right of the metal strip was a cozy living section with carpeted floors, couches, a mini-fridge, a standing lamp, and a TV. The couch looked a lot more comfortable than his seat on the cycler.

Long fluorescent tubes lit up the entire room. He was surprised to not see a single wall screen in the room, but he supposed if they were criminals, they would probably want to live somewhat off-the-grid.

Sighing, Jex consigned himself to waiting. He was just considering resting his upper body across the cycler when the workshop door opened again and Opal and an older man came through. The heavyset man had white hair and a trim beard, glasses, an open white lab coat with a black button-up shirt underneath, blue slacks, and brown leather shoes. The only synthetics Jex could see were some thin metal strips across his temples, most likely some sort of cognitive enhancer. Opal had doffed her cycler gear and was now wearing a long-sleeved black shirt with a loose neon green crop-top over it along with faded jeans and yellow sneakers. He couldn’t see any synthetics, but they could easily be hidden under clothing.

Opal and the man were mid-conversation.

“—highly irregular,” the man was saying. “One extra moving piece could ruin the whole operation.”

“My thoughts exactly,” Opal said. “But now he’s seen too much. I didn’t see another solution, especially if I didn’t want to leave a trace.”

The man sighed. “You did what you thought was necessary, so I can’t blame you for that.”

The two of them came up to Jex.

“Jex Pearl, I understand?” the man asked.

Jex nodded.

“Dr. Sullivan,” the man said in return. “I would say I’m at your service, but things seem a little complicated right now.” He looked at Opal. “Where exactly did you pick him up again?”

“I ran into him in a midtown residential district on my way back,” she said.

Dr. Sullivan looked at Jex’s face. “I see you mean that literally.”

“You can check the cycler’s logs for a pinpoint location,” she continued. “Our encounter should be easy to spot in there.”

“Now the question is: what to do with you, Jex.”

Jex cracked a wavering half-smile. “Take me home?”

Dr. Sullivan chuckled. “If only it were that easy. You see, Jex, there are forces out there who would like very dearly to know about us. Who we are. What we do. Where we are located. While your knowledge of those topics are limited, you do have one vital piece of information that could prove troublesome in the wrong hands. That is, what we have.”

He fished inside his lab coat and pulled out a familiar blue card. Jex flinched.

“Don’t worry,” Dr. Sullivan reassured him, “you won’t be able to read the visually encrypted data from where you’re sitting, even with your eyes.” He pocketed the card again. “I think you would agree with Opal that you’ve seen far too much. That level of data decryption was never meant to directly interface with a human mind, with or without synthetics.”

“So, what does this mean for me?” Jex asked.

“It means,” Dr. Sullivan said, “that you have very unique eyes. Eyes that can see and process information normally meant for machines. That card in particular… well, I shouldn’t get into the specifics.”

Opal sighed. “This talk doesn’t help us solve our problem, Doctor. What, are we going to tie this kid up and leave him in our base?”

“Circuits, no. We’re going to take him home.”

“I thought you said it wasn’t that easy,” Opal pointed out.

“It’s not. We have to fix him up first, starting with that eye. And that face.”

“My face?” Jex asked, touching his face. The right side of his face was still numb, but his hand felt the roughness of torn nanomesh, and he jerked his hand away as sparks reentered his vision.

“Oh dear,” Dr. Sullivan said, “I thought you knew. It was obvious to us. Very costly to fix at a hospital, I assure you.”

Jex grimaced. “That doesn’t matter. Because—”

“Because your synthetics are BioTech prototypes,” Dr. Sullivan cut in. “You’re practically a walking tech demo. Any medical institution would leap at the opportunity to work on you, especially on those eyes. I fear you would come out on the other end with severely degraded functionality, however.”

Jex’s mouth hung open. “How did you know?”

“Most people can’t tell the difference between high-grade and military-grade synthetics. I can. And your synthetics aren’t high-grade, Jex.”

Jex fumbled for words. Military-grade? What did he mean?

“You’re telling him too much, Doctor,” Opal said, folding her arms. “The kid doesn’t even know where his eyes came from.”

“Which is curious, don’t you think?” Dr. Sullivan said. “From what Opal told me, you were in an accident some three years ago that severely damaged your eyes and skin. What happened after that? How long was it before you got your synthetics?”

Jex looked around. “Do we really have to talk about this?”

“Just answer the Doctor,” Opal said. “You’re in no position to barter.”

Jex took a deep breath. “I’m not sure when exactly I got my synthetics, or even who installed them. I woke up after the accident in a hospital with them already installed.”

Dr. Sullivan and Opal shared a glance.

“Opal,” Dr. Sullivan finally said. “Please assist me in helping Jex to a couch, he’ll be much more comfortable there.”

Opal nodded. Together, they lifted Jex off the cycler and supported him as he limped to a couch. Half-falling into the cushions, Jex groaned.

“Feeling starting to return?” Dr. Sullivan asked.

“A little,” Jex replied. “What was that stuff she gave me?”

“A serum of my own design,” Dr. Sullivan explained. “While it numbs all bodily pain, it does nothing to heal or mend, so caution must be exercised when using it.”

“How long does it last?”

“Depends on how often you use it,” Dr. Sullivan said. “For you, I imagine it will truly start wearing off in an hour.”

Jex flexed his fingers. “So, you’re going to fix me up and take me home, you said?”

Dr. Sullivan nodded. “Correct. Might as well take advantage of the serum while it’s still in your system. I don’t exactly have a supply of anesthetics on hand.”

“How do I know you’re not going to just steal my synthetics?”

“If we wanted your eyes, Jex, we would have already taken them.”

“I’d prefer to just be taken to a hospital. Besides, I think my leg’s broken. I’m not exactly looking for new synthetics.”

“We’ll see about that leg,” Dr. Sullivan said. “And, as humbly as I can say it, I think I can fix you up better than they can.” He looked at Opal. “Please help me get Jex onto a table in my workshop. I have a lot of work to do in little time.”

“Wait,” Jex said. “Before we do that, can I call my sister? She’ll be worried sick about me.”

“Unfortunately, no,” Dr. Sullivan apologized. “Encrypted communications would have to have been set up in advance to avoid revealing our position. Speaking of which…” He walked over to the workshop and rummaged in a drawer. Returning, he handed Jex a phone. “I heard you lost your phone. You should find this to be a modest upgrade. It will also allow you to communicate with us you in the future if you so desire.”

“But why, Doctor?” Opal asked.

“Because Jex likely has a lot of questions,” Dr. Sullivan replied. “But his priority is getting home quickly and safely.”

Opal opened her mouth, then closed it. “Fine. Let’s get this kid to your workshop.”
