---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 4"
date: 2025-01-04
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

Jex’s cartoon sheep character delivered a rising uppercut to Mark’s well-dressed gorilla character on the screen before executing a sharp kick that sent the gorilla crashing into the ground. The gorilla in turn performed a break-dancing maneuver, spinning on his head while kicking the sheep with his legs.

“It’s cool having you over,” Mark said, his lightly-augmented hands deftly manipulating the retro game controller, “but playing online would have been more convenient.”

“Yeah, but then I wouldn’t be able to do this,” Jex said, giving Mark a quick punch on the shoulder. “Or this.” He stole some of Mark’s chips.

“Hey!” Mark said, jerking his bag of chips away from Jex. With a flurry of inputs, Jex made the cartoon sheep shoot a neon laser beam at the gorilla from his horns, sending the gorilla flying off the battle stage.

“Interference!” Mark protested, “I call cheating.”

“Winston’s just better than Mr. Ape,” Jex said, shrugging.

“Bah, let’s do best two out of three,” Mark suggested. “Mr. Ape’s CEO aesthetic obviously makes him meta, I just wasn’t warmed up yet.”

“Actually, I’d better get going,” Jex said, setting down his controller. “I’ve got work again tomorrow morning.”

“Aw, come on,” Mark complained, “who told you that you could grow up? You’re barely nineteen, a whole year younger than me! And look at me, I live alone and I don’t work.”

“Yes,” Jex said, standing and dusting chip fragments off his pants, “but you have wealthy parents funding your life, or lack thereof. I have a sister to take care of.”

“Weren’t your parents loaded too?” Mark pointed out. “Couldn’t you—”

“Just drop it,” Jex interrupted.

Mark bit his lip. “Sorry, sometimes I get a little carried away. Go on home, I’ll just chat with Veronica.”

Jex looked at Mark. “You know she’s just an AI. She doesn’t really like you.”

Mark shrugged. “Maybe, but at least she’s always there for me. She certainly sounds real. You should pick up the app too, there are thousands of customizable personalities on there. I could refer you so you get a month ad-free if you’d like.”

“I’ll pass,” Jex said, picking up his stuffed sheep and heading for the door. “I need to preserve what little social skills I have left.”

“Yeah, tell that to Winston,” Mark said, pointing at the sheep.
