---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 5"
date: 2025-01-05
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

Shuffling down the rain-slicked sidewalk back to his apartment with Winston under his arm, Jex looked up at the sky. The clouds were lit up by the glow of the ads running on the walls of the towering buildings. It made the clouds almost look like undulating rainbow sherbet. He waited at a crosswalk until the walk sign came on. Maybe he’d get sherbet tomorrow.

Stepping out into the street, something to his left caught his eye. Glancing towards it, he saw a rapidly approaching light. His robotic eyes calculated the speed in an instant. They weren’t stopping. He jumped forward out of the way just as the oncoming hyper-cycler turned in the same direction. The squeal of tires on wet pavement filled the air as the cycler slid and rammed into Jex. He went tumbling down the street, Winston flying from his grasp.

Jex rolled to a stop, sprawled out on the road with his face half submerged in a puddle. Groaning, he tried to move. His whole body complained at the effort, but he managed to lift his head out of the puddle. A glitching overlay mangled his vision of the street. One of his eyes seemed to be malfunctioning. He couldn’t feel the right side of his face either.

“Scrap,” he cursed.

He pushed himself up and stumbled to his feet. He found that he wasn’t able to lift his left leg off the ground. The pain was unbearable. Grimacing, he turned around. This street hardly had any traffic at this hour. He saw movement. Squinting through his glitching vision, he realized it was the rider of the hyper-cycler coming towards him, clad in a matte black cycler suit.

“Are you crazy?” It was a woman’s voice coming through the cycler helmet. “You could’ve been killed, jumping out like that.”

“You’re the crazy one,” Jex coughed. He winced as his ribcage raged against his effort to speak loudly. “Traffic laws are a thing, you know.”

“Well, you’re not dead, so I’ll be going.” The woman turned and started walking to her black hyper-cycler which rested on its side nearby.

“Hey!” Jex wheezed, limping after her. “You owe me a new eye.”

The woman reached the cycler and heaved it upright. “I don’t owe you anything.”

“Yes, you do,” Jex groaned. He glanced around. “Where’s Winston?” Turning in a full circle, he saw the sheep resting on the ground ten yards away.

Growling against the pain, he made his way over to it and picked it up. It was a bit smashed, but overall intact. What caught his attention, though, was a softly glowing blue card with black metal trim that was beneath the sheep. Had it fallen out of this strange woman’s jacket during the crash? Jex grabbed it.

“Hey!” he called out to the woman who was mounting her hyper-cycler. “Did you drop this?” He inspected the glowing surface of the card.

In a flash, his remaining functioning eye started feeding him a deluge of information. Diagrams. Formulas. Maps. A wealth of data flowing into Jex as he looked at the translucent card. Circuit designs. Material specifications. Scientist profiles. His face began twitching, and he saw sparks in the corner of his vision. It was all too much to process. Still, the waves of content surged into his mind. Uncanny images of thousands of what looked like drop tube capsules aligned in rows. A stream of millions of lines of code. The faces of his parents. Dropping the card and Winston, he held his hands to his head and screamed. With him no longer looking at the glowing blue surface of the card, the overwhelming influx ceased.

Jex fell to his knees, his brain throbbing with afterimages of countless things he didn’t understand. The sound of quick footsteps splashed towards him.

“You idiot!” It was the woman again. She bent over and snatched the blue card from off the ground, secluding it inside her cycler jacket as Jex struggled to stabilize his breathing. “You saw it?” she accused. “No, you shouldn’t have. Not unless…” she trailed off. Squatting, she grabbed Jex’s face and pointed it towards her. “Where did you get your eyes?”

Jex tried to form words. His face was still twitching, and the sparks in his vision continued.

She huffed and let go of his head. “Idiot timing. Idiot luck. Idiot… ugh!” She began pacing.

“Why—” Jex coughed. “Why did I see my parents in there?”

“Your parents? Who are you?”

“Jex,” he coughed again. “Jex Pearl.”

She froze.

“If you’re wondering about my eyes,” Jex groaned, “I got them along with most of my skin after I was in an accident three years ago.” He looked up at the woman. “I don’t know where my eyes came from, but that accident killed my parents.”

The woman said nothing. Jex’s pain started to set in even more than before.

“Nice chat,” he grunted, “but do you mind calling an ambulance? I’m pretty sure I broke something. Or several things.” He fumbled with his pocket and pulled out his phone. The screen was fractured, and it didn’t respond to his touch. “Can you contact my sister too? She’ll start panicking when I don’t show up back home soon.”

“How about this,” the woman said. “I’ll drive you, and we can contact your sister once we get you taken care of, sound fair?”

Jex furrowed his brow. “But I’m pretty sure my leg’s broken.”

“I’ll help you on. Once you’re behind me, hold on tight. We’ll get you there quicker than any ambulance.”

Jex nodded slowly. “I guess the pain can’t get too much worse.”

He hobbled over to the hyper-cycler. The woman helped him straddle the seat. He cried out as his left leg swung over the cycler. “Ow! I was wrong about it not getting worse.”

“Will you be able to hold on?” she asked.

“I can’t think straight enough to answer that,” Jex muttered, squinting his eyes shut.

She sighed. Jex heard her rummage in her jacket again before something sharp jabbed him in the leg. A cold sensation shot through it and filled his body like ice. In a moment, all pain had left his body.

Jex looked at the empty cylinder stuck in his leg. “What was—”

“Questions later,” she said, removing the cylinder and putting it inside her jacket. “Don’t try moving, just hold on.” She swung her leg over onto the cycler in front of Jex.

“Wait,” Jex said, “I don’t even know your name.”

The woman paused. “It’s Opal,” she said, and she cranked the hyper-cycler’s handlebars.

With a low hum, the cycler began moving. Jex’s mind was mushy, but he managed to hold on to Opal as they drove off into the night.
