---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 3"
date: 2025-01-03
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

Jex scanned his thumb on the reader next to his apartment door and the door slid open.

“I’m home,” he said, stepping out of the hallway and into the apartment.

“Welcome back, Jex,” Allie said, her voice coming from the kitchen along with some pop music.

Jex kicked off his shoes and leaned his roller-board against the metal wall next to the door. He pressed the button to close the door, then turned and walked over to the recess in the floor where the couch and table were. Bending over, he sat his stuffed sheep on the muted-orange couch cushions, making sure its head rested in an upright position. Jex’s phone connected with the home AI, causing the screen behind the couch to start popping up ads targeting him, alongside the ones for his sister. The screen was annoying sometimes, but the ads lowered the cost of rent. Jex glanced at the screen absently. One ad caught his eye.

“You haven’t been chatting with AI boyfriends recently, have you, Sis?” he asked.

“Uh, no?” Allie said. “What brought that up?”

“Just an ad on our screen.”

Allie huffed. “I swear, ever since I turned sixteen last week, I’ve been getting those non-s-s-top.”

Jex tossed his backpack onto the couch next to his sheep. “Your voice is glitching again, you should get your vocal-synth checked.”

“No, I’m fine. It’s just stress.”

Jex walked into the kitchen. “School been hard?”

Allie stood at the sink washing dishes, her phone resting on the counter next to her playing some music video. She turned, a strained smile on her organic face.

“I’m learning a lot,” she said, “I’m grateful for the opportunity.”

Jex took off his gloves and pushed back his sleeves, revealing his synthetic palms and forearms. Picking up a towel he started drying the freshly washed dishes. “Then what’s causing your stress?”

“You mean besides worrying about you all the time?”

“Yes, besides that.”

Allie sighed and turned back to the sink, picking up a dirty plate. “There… are some girls at school. They make fun of me.” The forced smile returned. “But it’s nothing I can’t handle.”

“You know we could move again,” Jex said. “I would be closer to work and you wouldn’t have to deal with those jerks.”

“Moving is so expensive though, and everything is more pricey closer to where you work. And even if the schools are better, it wouldn’t help the…” There was a pause.

“Help what?”

Allie turned and faced Jex, all pretense of a smile gone. “It wouldn’t help the fact that we’re rust poor but have high-grade synthetics. People at school don’t know what to think of me. First, they see my off-brand clothes and think I’m just another nobody, but then they catch glimpse of my right arm or neck and raise an eyebrow. They start to ask questions, questions I can’t answer. Then the name-calling starts.” She shivered. “I’d rather not talk about what else they do.”

“Do we need to contact the school? Get you protection?”

“As if that would help,” Allie grumbled. “Besides, they’re not doing something illegal or anything. Just bullying.”

Jex looked at her for a moment before drying another dish. “What if you switched to online school?”

“You can’t take everything online,” Allie said. “You should know that. P.E. is required and can only be done in-person, as are any of the workshop classes. And dance class.” She sighed.

“Dance class is required?”

“No,” she said, “but it’s only in-person and…” she paused. “I like it.”

They washed dishes in silence for a moment, accompanied by the music from Allie’s phone.

“How do you handle the pressure?” Allie asked. “Of your high-grade synthetic eyes and face when you go around in sweats and a hoodie?”

“I mean,” Jex said, “they usually ask more questions about Winston.”

“Oh, yeah. I forgot for a sec that you carry around a stuffed sheep. They really let you bring that into work?”

“They checked him for contraband the first dozen times I came in, but eventually I guess they got used to him. My job isn’t public facing, so they let my clothes and company slide. Honestly, I could care less about what people think.”

Allie handed Jex the last dish. “I guess that’s one way to avoid stress.”

Jex dried the dish and put it away. “Speaking of avoiding, we really need to fork up the cash for someone to fix the dishwasher one of these days.”

Allie grinned. “But it’s so fun washing dishes with you.”

“If work can be done by a machine, it should be.”

“Boo, you’re just lazy.”

“Maybe.” Jex looked at the clock. “I’m gonna swing by Mark’s place before I hit the hay.”

“’Kay, have fun. Thanks for the talk.”

“No prob, see you before ten.”
