---
title: "Cyber-Jex pt 1"
date: 2025-01-01
categories: [CJ]
author: CJ
---

Rain. The one constant in the city. Some days it cleansed. Most days it corroded. Some folks avoided it. Others ignored it. But as Opal tore through the streets of maintown Vellum on a hyper-cycler, it was about the only thing she could see.

A blip flashed on the heads-up display projected onto the visor of her helmet. Immediately pulling the handlebars of the cycler to the right in a smooth motion, she barely missed an oncoming truck, it’s presence lasting less than a second before it was far behind her. Chancing a backwards glance, she saw the two corpo hovers still hot on her tail, her HUD informing her of their faction affiliation and the relative speed difference between them and herself.

Looking forward again, she half-focused on the road while pinpointing her location on the map of the city on her HUD. She was approaching a multi-overpass. Seeing an option, she pressed a button on the handlebars. A cloud of electromagnetic chaff shot out the back of the cycler. She then veered off to the right as the buildings on either side gave way to empty air.

Opal pressed another button on the handlebars and the cycler leaped into the air, clearing the street border and sending her and the cycler careening into the night sky. She turned the handlebars back and forth, making adjustments to her trajectory as she fell. With a final yank on the handlebars, she oriented the cycler to match a street a dozen stories below. She landed hard on the street amidst a mixture of low-hover and wheeled traffic. Ignoring the horns and swerves of the other vehicles, she weaved her way through the heavy traffic. After half a mile, she took a less busy exit and finally glanced behind her again.

No corpo hovers were in sight.

Not even taking a moment to sigh in relief, Opal shot further down the road. She had a long way to go before she was home free, and everything rested on what was in her possession.
