---
title: "Mixie Nibbleson and the Chimera Serum pt 1"
date: 2025-09-11
categories: [MNatCS]
author: MNatCS
---

Mixie kicked a rock down the road on her way back home from the Periwinkles. Her interaction with the family of mice had been brief. They seemed grateful for the wheat, but she didn’t have the warm feeling inside that she did when she had given them the pie. Biting her lip, she kept her eyes on the broken asphalt of the road as she walked. Why hadn’t she asked her mom if she could bring over the pie? She closed her eyes and sighed. She had thought that her mother would’ve been more concerned about Mixie and her plethora of younger siblings. Opening her eyes, she looked up at the cloud-dusted sky. Maybe once she and her family got settled in their new home at the Wharf, she could get an after-school job so she could be helpful on her own terms.

A flock of birds passed overhead, intermittently blocked by the rusted pipes and dangling wires connecting various buildings. Maybe that was like her, so focused on high aspirations that she sometimes gets sidelined by details that are right in her face.

“Mixie!” Rissi called out, running towards Mixie from the direction of their house.

“What’s up, pup?” Mixie said, forcing a smile onto her face.

Rissi stopped in front of Mixie but continued jogging in place. “Mixie come quick!” Rissi squeaked. “House falling!”

Mixie cocked her head. “House falling?” she asked, but her little sister was already scurrying back towards home. Looking down the street, Mixie saw a cloud of dust rising in the direction of her house. Stepping into a jog, Mixie followed Rissi. As they neared the house, Mixie could hear the sound of clay roof tiles crashing and plaster walls cracking. She broke into a sprint on all fours, passing Rissi. Soon, she arrived at the low fence that divided their small yard from the road. Concerned and curious neighbors were cautiously approaching from the adjacent houses.

Skidding to a stop at the front gate, Mixie took in the scene. Most of her siblings were gathered in the front yard where the moving boxes had been stacked. Ron wasn’t there, presumably still out shopping. However, her mom and the twin babies were also nowhere to be seen. The house itself was crooked, leaning back towards the canal on the far side as the door and open windows belched out dust.

“What’s going on?” Mixie yelled over the noise. “Where’s mom and the twins?”

Seeming to just notice her, Mixie’s other siblings started yammering all at once, pointing towards the collapsing house. “…still inside!” Mixie managed to hear amongst their cries and blabbering.

With an awful groan of sliding rock, the house shifted a few more inches back. Mixie hesitated only for a moment before dashing towards the door.

Inside, the air was filled with dust. Toppled shelves littered the floor, along with the moving boxes that hadn’t been placed outside yet.

Mixie coughed and held her shirt up to her mouth. “Mom!” she yelled.

“Mixie?” her mom’s voice called back. “I’m in the nursery!”

Stepping across the messy floor, Mixie entered the small room towards the back of the house. She gasped, causing another fit of coughing. There, her mother was under a portion of collapsed roof where the cribs used to be, only her top half visible. In her arms were the twins, crying and coughing.

“Take the twins,” Mixie’s mom breathed. “Get out of here!”

Mixie knelt down and accepted the twins. “What about you?”

“I’ll be fine,” her mom grunted. “I can get out of this. You just go. Now!”

The house shifted under them, and Mixie stood up, eyes scanning the rubble covering her mother. There was no way she was getting out from under there by herself. A decision was made in Mixie’s mind. Turning, she ran out of the house, leaping over fallen furniture and belongings. Soon, she reached the front yard. Passing the twins off to the oldest of her siblings, she darted back inside.

Not even bothering to cover her mouth, Mixie charged to the nursery. Inside, she saw her mother struggling to move. She looked up, her face a mix of dust and perspiration.

“Mixie?” her mother strained. “Why are you back here? Get out, before the whole house collapses!”

Mixie rushed to her mother’s side and pulled at a large wooden beam lying across her mother’s back. “I’m not leaving you to die!” Mixie cried through clenched teeth.

“Mixie,” her mother protested, “if you stay, we both might die. Your siblings need you.”

“They need you too!” Mixie yelled as the house moved again. “I need you!”

Mixie growled and the beam started to lift.

“Mixie, I—” her mother began.

“Stop complaining and start struggling!” Mixie shouted, and the beam rose a few more inches. Her mom looked at her, then started digging away at the debris covering her torso. With their combined effort, Mixie’s mother began to scoot out from under the beam. Suddenly, there was a loud commotion as the wall to the nursery split off from the house, falling a good fifty feet into the canal below. Mixie’s mom continued scrabbling away at the rubble around her, her breathing heavy.

The floor beneath them cracked and started to move. With a scream and a sudden surge of strength, Mixie heaved the beam off her mom. The heavy wooden support went flying into the air and out the open wall. Bending over, Mixie pulled her wide-eyed mother out from the loose debris and onto stable ground, even as the house started crumbling around them. Together, they hurried out of the falling house and out into their front yard. Turning, they watched as their house crumbled before their eyes, sliding off its perch and into the water far below.

“Ronna!”

Mixie turned to see her father getting out of the family truck.

He rushed over to her mom. “What happened? Are you all right?”

“I…” she took a breath. “I’m fine. Everyone’s fine.” She looked around at the crying and squeaking children and smiled weakly. “Everything’s going to be OK.”

Mixie sighed and relaxed her shoulders. Her mom came up to her and put a hand on Mixie’s arm.

“Are you hurt, Mixie?” her mom asked softly. “Muscles strained?”

“Uh,” Mixie said, frowning, “no?” She patted herself down. “I think I’m OK.”

Her mom furrowed her brow. “You must be still flowing with adrenaline. That beam was at least a hundred pounds.”

“It didn’t seem that heavy,” Mixie said. “At least, not at the end there.”

Her mom nodded slowly and looked around at the chaos. “Let’s try to calm ourselves down a little and take stock of the situation. Maybe after dinner we can talk more.”

“Uh,” Ron said, entering the scene with several bags of food. “What did I miss? Where’s our house? And why is everyone crying?”
